Subtitles by DramaFever
Mr. Jung Seon.
Let me introduce you two
properly to each other.
This is my most favorite man
in the whole world.
And this is my most favorite
woman in the whole world.
I didn't know we'd be
coming here, Mr. Jung Seon.
I'll tell the staff
to bring you your dinner.
Okay, sure.
I had made plans with Mr. Jung Seon,
but I cancelled on him because of you.
I told you last time...
that there was a man I loved,
but that he disappeared.
I met that man again recently.
That man is Mr. Jung Seon.
I wanted to tell you sooner
but it hasn't been long since
we started dating again.
Here are your mushroom tarts.
[Temperature of Love]
Send out the root vegetable dishes
for tables 3 and 5 together.
Yes, Chef!
Chef!
It's time for the guests on
the terrace to get their dessert.
Did you see CEO Park's girlfriend?
Take care of things here
for me, will you?
This is the ring I'm going
to propose with.
Hold onto this for me,
and send it out with our dessert.
We're meeting Ms. Yoo Hye Jung
next week, right?
Yeah, I told you that.
And we're meeting her
at your office, right?
I feel like you feel as if
you need to talk to me.
Yes, exactly.
Something just feels off.
This is a special cake.
Is this the only thing
you have for me?
Something is missing.
Let's talk for a second.
Sure, let's do that.
Sit tight.
Sure.
I'm sketching an idea for
a cake for a proposal.
Oh, you're sketching it out
before you actually make it?
Yeah, because a dish's aesthetics
contributes to its taste, too.
What did you want to talk to me about
that you brought me to your place?
Would you like some tea?
If you want to serve
me some, then go ahead.
[Mom]
Yeah, Mom?
You sure have amazing timing, Mom.
I just felt like calling you
all of the sudden.
Did you want to see me just now?
Yeah, I was thinking of you.
Are you at home?
No, I'm out for dinner, but the person
I'm eating with got up for a moment.
Why would they get up
in the middle of a meal?
That's so rude!
No, it's not like that.
At any rate, thanks, Mom.
Okay.
Mom is right.
It is rude.
I have no idea where to even begin.
I can't give this ring to her.
My girlfriend, who was supposed
to come today, is Hyun Soo.
Oh, really?
Remember how I went to
visit you in Paris a lot?
The woman I mentioned to you
on my second visit was Hyun Soo.
Then, we loved the same woman.
No, not past tense.
It's still going on.
Did Ms. Hyun Soo come here today
knowing that you'd propose to her?
Hyun Soo bears no responsibility
regarding this proposal.
So are you saying she knew about it?
Judging from the look on her face,
it seemed as if she didn't know.
She didn't know.
I just brought her here.
How could you think of proposing to
someone who doesn't feel the same way?
There are logical reasons
for my proposal.
I was with Hyun Soo
the entire time that you weren't.
When her work won
the open call competition
when her work debuted
on TV for the first time
when she was sick, on Christmas,
on New Year's Eve, and on New Year's...
I was with her.
I'd never once seen her date another
guy during the four years I was with her.
I knew that she had another
man in her heart.
But that man wasn't by
Hyun Soo's side.
I liked the fact that she treasured
her feelings for that man
even if he wasn't right by her side.
After all, if those feelings
were redirected toward me
she would treat me like that too.
That's why I didn't make any moves.
Because she's not a woman
who'd be easily seduced.
I'm sure this isn't the case, but...
I'm hoping that this
isn't the case, but...
did you know that my
girlfriend was Ms. Hyun Soo?
I did.
You knew?
You knew, and yet you gave me a ring
and made me set up your proposal?
It's only fair that you also
feel the pain that I felt...
when I first found out about this.
What did I do wrong?
You didn't do anything wrong.
You did nothing wrong, but...
even so, I'm mad at you.
Because I can't get mad at Hyun Soo.
The dice have been thrown now.
Let's just do as we want to,
moving forward.
I'll drive Hyun Soo home.
No, Ms. Hyun Soo needs to
talk with me first.
Because we have feelings for one another.
I'll be going on ahead.
All right.
You're not going to ask me
what's going on?
You'd tell me if it was something
that I needed to know about.
I prepared all of this today
to propose to you.
I'm sorry.
For what?
I should've told you sooner
about meeting with that man.
I already knew about it.
What I felt for you
was true.
Our relationship may not be romantic
but I thought that we fully
trusted one another.
Am I wrong?
No, you're right.
Some people use trust
as a basis to decide
who they will spend
the rest of their lives with.
I wanted to let you know that
I'll always be there for you
if you ever fall into
a pit of despair.
And I wanted you to rely on me.
That's why I decided to propose to you.
I only found out after
I decided to propose.
I saw you two at Yeosu.
All right, I've laid all of my
cards on the table now.
Consider this our beginning.
Wow.
- [Two years ago, November 2015]
- You're good at this now!
This is so fun. I think I have
quite a knack for this.
Oh, wow.
Can't I take a swing now?
Or are you going to hog the bat?
I couldn't bring myself to stop.
But, you know...
your posture isn't that great.
I can't do much about that.
You can worry about your own posture.
Aren't you ever going to
date someone?
The love cells in me
dried up and died.
I'm going to focus only on work.
Whoa!
You must be happy now.
The ratings for your show
are high, and the reviews are good.
Yes, I'm happy.
We've been getting a lot
of calls from other companies
asking how much money
you signed on with us for.
You've been getting
lots of calls too, right?
Just a few.
But when they call me and
ask me to meet with them
I tell them that I like
On Entertainment.
Really?
At first, I thought you started
a business with your inheritance.
It truly is impressive that
you've come so far, all on your own.
I just got lucky.
They say that being
lucky is a skill in itself!
You're so diligent
and you head straight toward
your goals once you set them.
How could you not have succeeded?
Why are you being like this today?
Are you hungry, or something?
I'm good at appreciating things
like this about other people.
I respect you, CEO Park.
Oh yeah.
Aren't you moving?
Of course I will,
since I've made money.
I found a big place and
signed a long-term lease.
Good job.
[One year ago, March 2016]
Why isn't CEO Park here yet?
Are you hungry?
We should eat already, then.
CEO Park said that
he'd be here soon.
I can't tell what CEO Park is thinking.
What do you mean?
Why isn't he making any
moves toward Hyun Soo?
Even though it's clear to me
that he likes her?
It's not like that.
He's super strict when it
comes to our contract.
Stop getting ahead of yourself, Hong Ah.
You're always trying to
link those two romantically.
It seems to me that neither
of them are interested.
You'll never be able to write melodramas
with that kind of dull intuition.
- Hey!
- Ugh!
What amazing timing.
There's CEO Park.
CEO Park!
Please come in.
I have to go because
I have a prior engagement.
You didn't have to come.
But still, I need to congratulate you.
- Hello.
I'll be going now.
You didn't have to see me out.
Thank you.
You didn't have to come.
I'll have to give you a gift
since you saw me out.
You have another present for me?
It's not certain as of yet
but I think SBC will pick up
"Foul Detective."
Shin Ha Rim said that he'd do it?
Seeing as how he said that
he's seriously considering it
I think he'll do it, as long
as we pay him what he wants.
I haven't eaten yet.
Hang on. I'll bring you something.
No, I can just eat in the car.
I hope you meet
a nice woman and marry her.
The one I want is you.
And I don't settle for anything
less than what I want.
There's no need for
you to be nervous.
I'll keep my promise about
not making you feel uncomfortable.
I'm off.
It's cold, huh?
What took you so long?
I'm working.
I told Won Joon to take care
of the kitchen for me.
[DF Ver] E21 Temperature of Love
"Let Me Introduce You Two Properly"
-= Ruo Xi =-
We need to talk.
Let's head inside first.
You were really
taken aback before, right?
I heard from Jung Woo that you didn't
know he'd be proposing to you today.
I didn't know that you
and CEO Park...
were that close.
Jung Woo is a good person,
and I want him to be happy.
But his happiness got
entangled with our relationship.
We've both had new revelations today,
so let's talk about it tomorrow.
I'll take you home after
you've finished your tea.
She said that love is a rational thing.
And that she will marry someone who
treasures her, and whom she can respect.
I respect you, CEO Park.
I was with Hyun Soo the entire time
you were away from her.
Allow me to properly
introduce you two again.
This is my most favorite
man in the world.
And this is my most favorite
woman in the world.
Did I keep you from sleeping?
No.
I thought about it...
and it's important that
our relationship doesn't change
no matter who may try
to test our relationship.
But...
it's possible that our feelings may
change if there is someone testing us.
I feel thankful and sorry for CEO Park.
That's not love.
I won't get confused, nor will
my feelings for you change.
That's all I need to hear.
Head back inside.
I have to go to work.
I have to work, too.
I want to hug you, but I can't because
there are people walking by.
I want to tell you to come inside...
but I can't because Kyung is there.
[A few days later]
All right, everyone!
Gather around!
As you all know, we're
running past Gyeongbok Palace
Samcheong-dong, Bukchon,
Insa-dong, and then we'll turn
to Cheonggyecheon, go past Gwanghamun,
and return to Gyeonbok Palace, okay?
I won't be able to run with you guys
if he does groups by skill level.
There are always outliers (sounds like
radish kimchi), so don't worry.
I love radish kimchi.
Now I want to eat some.
[CEO Park Jung Woo]
Yes, CEO Park?
Long time no talk.
So you're making me
call you first, I see.
I'm sorry.
Are you aware of the fact that today is
the day you're meeting Ms. Yoo Hye Jung?
I am.
Is your promise still valid?
I don't go back on my word easily.
Do you want me to
cancel the appointment?
No.
See you later, then.
Why are you here so early?
It's not time for you to be here yet.
Well, I had nothing going on
and I woke up early, so...
Good morning!
Hey there.
What'd you buy?
Sea bream.
I didn't like the ones we got in.
We're 30 percent booked
for today, right?
Yes, it's been like this all week
and we have almost
no reservations for next week.
Word-of-mouth sure is scary.
How are we going to overcome this?
Hey, Hong Ah!
Won Joon.
I want to eat the pork belly
that you made me last time.
Are you not feeling well?
Your voice sounds weird.
It was because I was lying down.
I stayed up all night.
Oh. Well, that's a relief, then.
When are you coming by to eat?
Well, can't you just
bring it over to me?
I can't leave during business hours.
All right, then.
Just have it ready for me, then.
I'll come by during your break.
Okay.
I'll leave this to you, then.
Wow, you really put a lot of
thought into your outfit, huh?
Yeah, I totally did! I'm nervous.
Are you that nervous?
She said that she likes my writing,
so how could I not be nervous?
Just get Yoo Hye Jung's
autograph, okay?
I don't think I'll be able
to ask her for that.
All right, don't ask her, then.
You have to appear calm and cool.
You can't be asking an actor you just met
for autographs, when you're a writer.
Thanks for being so understanding.
Have a safe trip, Hyun Soo.
- Okay.
- Okay!
I put a lot of thought into
my outfit, too.
I put a lot of
thought into mine, too!
Kyung, you sure did put
a lot of thought into it!
Welcome.
It's nice to see you.
Why are you out here?
You came all the way to our
office when you're so busy
so it's only natural that
I'd come out to greet you.
Oh, I really love it when
people are formal with me!
Is Writer Lee here?
Not yet.
Why are there so few guests?
Allow me to show you to your seats.
Your office is really nice.
And the painting is nice, too.
Well, I do pretty much
everything here.
Please drink it to see if
it's to your taste.
Oh, it's a bit salty!
I can totally understand why
people love you so much.
Writer Lee is here, CEO Park.
All right, I'll introduce
the two of you now.
There's no need.
I looked her up before I came here.
Hello, I'm Yoo Hye Jung.
I'm Lee Hyun Soo.
Shall we all sit?
I begged CEO Park to
arrange a meeting with you.
But you know, you're so pretty!
I was so shocked!
You're taller and thinner
than I thought, too.
The camera adds a couple of pounds.
Even so, you look so pretty.
My heart was racing after
I read your script!
I only work nowadays because
my love cells have shriveled up.
I wrote it hoping that it would
make people's hearts race.
So I'm happy to hear that.
I really want to work on
this project with you
but I'm starting another show soon.
It's really a shame.
We can always work together
next time, if not this time.
You have to let me be the first
to look at your next project, okay?
Oh, of course!
I'm your fan.
I'm your fan, too.
Wow, it's been so long since
I last felt this invisible.
Really?
I'm here too, everyone.
Oh, I'm sorry, CEO Park!
Maybe something bad happened?
It seems that the number of
customers has dramatically decreased.
Problems?
What problems?
Customers come and go.
You should look into it.
The fact that they suddenly have
so few customers means there's a problem.
Why do you keep saying that
they're having problems?
At this rate, you'll end up
creating a problem out of nothing!
Do you not want my Chef Ohn to succeed?
Who said anything about that?
I'm just worried that you'll be
upset if he's not doing well.
Oh, please! You upset me
more than he does!
What did I do?
Why haven't you been giving me
my living expenses since last month?
I gave you my credit card!
You can just use that!
I maxed out the credit limit.
How can I just use a card?
I need cash, too.
You know how little
professors make.
And I need to spend a bit of money, too.
It's not "a bit."
You use all of it!
I'm trusting you and living with you
but what am I supposed to do
when you're acting this way?
I have to start heading over
to my appointment.
You're staying here, right?
You sure are great at
slithering out of situations.
Please stop nagging me.
It's making things difficult for me.
You're the person who understands me
more than anyone else in this world.
Are you going to come back
to pick me up afterward?
Of course I will.
Fine, then.
What brings you here?
Professor Min is meeting someone, but
he's coming back to pick me up later.
You seem to have a lot of free time these
days. You're coming to Seoul so often.
Is there an issue
at you restaurant?
You haven't had many guests
since last week.
it's nothing for you to be concerned over
so if you want to stay here,
go over there and rest.
I have to work.
When are you going back on TV?
I'm not.
Why not? You have to do those
sorts of things to get customers.
It's just that I'm worried about you.
What if your restaurant
has to shut down?
I won't be able to go on
if that happens.
Let's each focus on our
own lives, Mom.
This has nothing to do with you,
so mind your own business.
Why do you say such
cold things to me?
Your business is my business!
Please.
Let's not, okay?
Won Joon is here, right?
Yes. Take a seat,
and I'll get him for you.
I'll go to the kitchen.
According to our protocols, unauthorized
personnel are not allowed in the kitchen.
But I went in last time.
That must have been
a time when I wasn't here, then.
Ugh, I'm so hungry!
We're going to head out for lunch.
Okay.
Ms. Hong Ah is here, Sous Chef.
Yes, I'm all done.
Where is it?
Right here.
Why did you pack it up?
I was planning to eat here,
so I barely ate anything!
Oh, really?
I thought you meant that you'd take it
home to eat, since you're busy now.
Ugh, seriously, what is wrong with you?
Do you know how tired I am
from working so much?
Do I really need to tell you
these things?
If you were going to do this,
you could've just sent it to me!
Do you think I came all the way here
just to pick up a lunchbox?
Sorry to interrupt, but
I have something to say to you.
To me?
Yes.
Go ahead.
Give...
this man to me.
Ms. Soo Jung?
Subtitles by DramaFever